Changed README  for elastic search example to have correct commands (#421)
kanisterio/kanister: examples/stable/elasticsearch/README.md

Then install the sample Elasticsearch application with the release name `my-release` in its own namespace
`es-test` using the command below. Make sure you have the kanister controller running in namespace `kasten-io` which is the default setting in Elasticsearch charts. Otherwise, you will also have to set the `kanister.controller_namespace` parameter value to the respective kanister controller namespace in the following command:

> Please make a note that this command will be different if you are using helm version 3

Reviewer: We can move this after the command and add an example for helm 3 command if available.

Author: Hi @pavannd1 ,
I have included the command now.

`es-test` using the command below. Make sure you have the kanister controller running in namespace `kasten-io` which is the default setting in Elasticsearch charts. Otherwise, you will also have to set the `kanister.controller_namespace` parameter value to the respective kanister controller namespace in the following command:

```bash
$ helm install --namespace es-test --name elasticsearch elastic/elasticsearch --set antiAffinity=soft
```

> If you are running helm version `v3.0.0`, please use the command below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running helm version `v3.0.0`, please use the commands below:
```

> If in case you are running helm version `v3.0.0`, please use below command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running helm version `v3.0.0`, please use the command below:
```

```bash

> $ create namespace es-test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl create namespace es-test
```
